PD-1572 / 25.04 / Pd 1572 review ipmi configuration tutorial (#3253)
truenas/documentation: content/SCALE/SCALETutorials/Network/SettingUpIPMI.md

- ipmi
---

{{< include file="/static/includes/IPMICompatibility.md" >}}

> Many [TrueNAS systems](https://www.truenas.com/docs/hardware/) have a built-in out-of-band management port that provides side-band management should the system become unavailable through the web interface.

Reviewer: I think this sentence, though well written, might be hard to parse or translate for ESL readers. That said, I don't know how to rephrase this to make it easier. Thoughts?

Author: How about 
```suggestion
Many [TrueNAS systems](https://www.truenas.com/docs/hardware/) include a built-in out-of-band management port, enabling system access even when the web interface is unavailable.
```
